Cheers.
(Episode 32)
Mr. Park I think you're...
perfectly suited for autumn.
You're sentimental and...
Kyung, you're really great at sucking up.
- You like everyone but me, right? - That's right.
By the way, why isn't anyone singing?
Let's sing together.
No. I don't want to.
I don't like to be forced into doing anything.
Okay, fine.
Wait a minute.
("Thorn")
The world doesn't know
About my breakup
Sadly, it is still the same
The memories of you
And the past love
Have become a thorn
- That pierces my heart - Hyun Soo. He can sing.
He can.
Yes. Hyun Soo, do you want to sing?
Kyung, you should sing.
You're good. You can dance too.
Let me hear you sing.
No, let's sing together.
I'm not going to sing anymore.
You're all just sitting there and doing nothing.
Then I'll sing.
You didn't sing when I asked you to.
("Last Night Story")
Hwangbo!
Kyung!
Last night I started hating you
Last night I started loathing you
Watching the spinning party light
- I was hurt alone - I was hurt alone
While my friends
Danced with you
Holding your hands
Things are slowly getting better.
Thank you so much everyone.
- Good! - Soup!
Why do you always smile?
You don't look well.
I can tell how you're feeling...
just by looking at you.
Chef.
Hello, Ms. Hwangbo.
Did you two have a drink together?
We had a party. To celebrate getting a TV slot.
It's not confirmed yet.
It's pretty much confirmed, Hyun Soo.
Director Kim said he'd do it.
It's cold out here. Let's go inside.
You look like you had a drink too.
Yes, with Good Soup staff because of the website renewal.
Okay. So you two should go upstairs first.
Where are you going?
Well... I have somewhere to go.
Don't go.
I feel sorry.
I know. I feel sorry too.
She didn't have to leave.
Why did you want to see me? You treated me like a ghost earlier.
Because I can't go home.
You want to spend the night with me? I'm not ready yet.
This is why...
- I can't like you. - I was just kidding.
Sit down. Come on.
- What do you want to drink? - Sprite.
You got it!
- Congratulations. - Thanks.
It'll go well this time.
Yes.
Did I do something wrong?
No.
You never do anything wrong.
I want you to though.
Then you'd cling to me and tell me you're sorry.
Since you met me,
are you becoming unhappy?
If I'm unhappy,
it's because of me, not you.
If I choose unhappiness, then that's happiness.
I'm trying to do everything I can for you.
I'm making the time I don't have...
to be good to you.
I never asked you to do that.
You must be drunk.
I am.
I'm going to die from frustration.
Why?
Why do I feel so lonely when I'm in love?
I'm lonelier when I'm with you.
You leave me out of your life...
Mom borrowed money from Jung Woo without telling me.
Would you want to share such a story?
I'm putting my everything to keep this love.
Then why do I feel like you don't love me?
I feel like you're just trying to fulfill your duty as a lover.
You must feel that way...
because that's what you do.
When we meet, we fight, or we try to cheer up.
Or we're careful around each other, so we can't talk about how we feel.
What kind of love is this?
What do you want me to do?
Is Chef On upstairs?
Yes.
Let's go up.
You can go alone. I feel uncomfortable.
All right.
Can you give me a cup of tea?
Of course.
This way.
Jung Sun, come here.
You should have it while it's hot.
I assume you're depressed these days,
so I'm trying.
You loved this as a child.
My beef cutlet.
You must think you were a good mother back then.
Whenever you cause trouble, you always bring food from my childhood.
I don't want to think about that time,
but I'm doing it for you.
Your father is doing well with his new wife.
Maybe he and I were just a bad match.
I hope Daniel is my last man.
Do you really want to talk about this with me?
I do.
You're more than just a child to me.
By the way,
about what you said before...
How much will you give me a month?
1,000 dollars.
Don't give it to me in small amounts.
You have some land.
Can't you give me a portion?
I have nothing to give. It's gone.
Did you sell it?
Why are you and Dad so interested in that land?
Dad asked me about it too.
He has a building. Why does he care about the land?
He's not interested in the same way you are, so don't mind him.
Are you protecting him since he's your dad?
Although he and I didn't get along, he loved you.
He hit me, but he would never touch a hair on you.
Why aren't you eating?
Would you eat if you were me?
I should meet with your dad. You'll be my excuse.
Mom.
You should get along with him.
He has a building.
You're his only son.
- Mom. - Yes.
You're as beautiful as a flower.
Thank you.
Didn't you go to school?
No, I took the year off to stay with your mom.
I took time off during the surgery, and I'm taking it off again.
You two will get sick of each other.
I should send you two on a trip.
- Really? - Yes.
You mentioned Japan before.
(Search)
(Kyoto)
Here.
(Best Items)
(Reviews)
That would be nice, but I should say thanks...
to the people I'm thankful to before we go.
Is Mr. Park here?
You came without an appointment.
I'm mad. What are you doing?
I thought you and I were like comrades.
- Was I wrong? - What got you so mad?
Hyun Soo's drama is scheduled to air.
What about me? You told me my drama was great.
Your drama will air on JK.
Why didn't you tell me?
I was about to, then you came.
Yes!
(Hyun Soo's Mother)
Hello?
Hello, Mr. Park. It's Hyun Soo's mother.
Yes, hello.
I got discharged.
I just wanted to call and say thank you.
I didn't do much.
I'll let my husband talk to you.
Mr. Park.
Of course we should thank you.
The two of us would like to invite you. Let's eat.
Then just let me know the time and place.
Okay. Bye now.
Who was that?
Who do you want to cast?
Hyun Soo's parents?
Did they invite you to dinner?
Hyun Soo, we're going to eat with Mr. Park.
Look into a restaurant.
What?
He's the one that helped...
your mom get well.
All right. I'll book for three.
Why 3? It should be 4.
It would be awkward for us if you don't go.
What is it? Will your boyfriend be mad?
No.
He shouldn't be mad.
It's a thank you meal prepared by us. Why would he be mad?
We'll thank Chef On too.
Don't worry.
Okay.
[VIU Ver] E32 Temperature of Love "Why Do I Feel Lonelier?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why do I feel so lonely when I'm in love?
I'm lonelier when I'm with you.
You're still here?
I'm still doing calculations.
Did you call Hyun Soo?
- I can't. - You have to.
You have to make up right away whenever you fight.
My father is coming.
Mother during the day, and father at night.
They must have had some kind of tie.
The pains...
I have no problem telling you...
is so hard for me to tell Hyun Soo.
When you're in love,
you want to look good in front of them.
You only want to give her the best.
You want to take care of the hardships on your own.
You know a lot.
I'll just add that your relationship is very healthy.
Hey. I'm finally here.
Did you really come? I told you not to.
Weren't you waiting for me?
Is Soo Jung gone?
Aren't you going on a date tonight?
Have fun.
Hey. My drama is scheduled to air on JK.
That's great.
Is that all?
Yes.
Let me ask you this in all seriousness.
Do you really like Soo Jung?
What is this? What does this silence mean?
Silence usually means yes or no.
What could it be right now?
Won Joon, where did you learn such a bad habit?
I really loved you.
After we broke up, I keep acting like you.
It's contagious.
I have to close. Let's go.
You still won't give up?
No.
I'm trying to do everything I can for you.
What kind of love is this?
Did I give up everything for this?
Gosh.
Don't be like that. Just call him.
I don't want to.
You were so in love with him just a while ago.
You must love him just as much.
- Does it look like I love him? - Yes.
When you were deep in love, you were standing here like this.
There was traffic.
I told you I could visit you on my day off.
Because every minute counts.
Thinking about the interest bothers me.
Pay back your loan with this.
You can't grow if you have debt.
I'll take care of it. I can handle it.
You must get your self-esteem from not having me around.
Kids without fathers act like this.
- Father. - I knew your mom would ruin you.
Take the money while you can.
All you have is that land. You'll end up coming to me anyway.
I wouldn't.
I lived well even without you.
Don't try to come back into my life.
What did I do so wrong to you?
I did enough.
Why did you never call me when I was in Paris? I was only 16.
That's because...
I had a complicated life then.
And one thing you would throw away was your son.
Just be like how you always were.
Don't try to act like a father now.
I still...
I never touched you while raising you.
Do you know how often I got beat while growing up?
I got beat for no reason.
You didn't touch me to prove that you're different from Grandpa.
You hit Mom instead.
Do you know how you ruined her life?
You little...
It felt as if...
you were pushing me away because of your emotional scars and reality.
Then why do I feel like you don't love me?
I feel like you're just trying to fulfill your duty as a lover.
Are you heading out already?
Yes. My parents want me there early.
I see. They must feel awkward to be alone with Mr. Park.
I guess so. I should be nice since Mom's sick.
- I'll get going. - Okay.
Hello.
Hello. I haven't seen you since the surgery.
You look well.
I'm glad.
It's thanks to you.
- Please sit down. - Okay.
Since we're treating you,
- I hope you'll enjoy it. - Okay.
Hyun Soo is the odd one in our family.
We all prefer a stable life, but not her.
That's not true.
Right.
Did your parents run a business too?
Yes.
My father had a big business, then he went bankrupt.
Gosh.
By the way,
I'm curious about something.
Yes, go ahead.
Are you this nice to all your contracted writers?
Even to their family?
Not necessarily.
Really?
Are you especially nice to Hyun Soo?
Yes.
I...
like Hyun Soo.
(Temperature of Love)
It'll air faster than what we originally thought.
Do you think you can do it?
Why is her drama airing first?
You better be ready if mine gets delayed.
We'll be opening a new restaurant in Hong Kong.
I recommended you as the head chef.
I'm so glad things are working out for you.
- Let's live together. - I'm not sure anymore.
Mr. Park, this is your chance.
Is it really over between you and Hyun Soo?
- Did you call? - Can we meet?
- I'm sorry. - I'll wait until you come.